r2: Update cache-api.md (#10182)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/r2/examples/cache-api.md

# Use the Cache API

Use the [Cache API](/workers/runtime-apis/cache/) to store R2 objects in Cloudflare's cache.

{{<Aside type="note">}}

> You will need to [connect a custom domain](/r2/buckets/public-buckets/) to your R2 bucket in order to use the Cache API. Cache API operations in the Cloudflare Workers dashboard editor, Playground previews, and any `*.workers.dev` deployments will have no impact.

Reviewer: May help with @Frederik-Baetens's comment
```suggestion
You will need to [connect a custom domain](/workers/configuration/routing/custom-domains/) or [route](/workers/configuration/routing/routes/) to your Worker in order to use the Cache API. Cache API operations in the Cloudflare Workers dashboard editor, Playground previews, and any `*.workers.dev` deployments will have no impact.
```

Author: Gah, yes — my fault. Workers domain!
